Add Berlin 2026 landing page (#2559)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/berlin/2026/news/welcome.md

---
template: {{year}}/generic.html
og:image: _static/conf/images/headers/{{shortcode}}-{{year}}-opengraph.jpg
---

```{post} February 27, 2026
:tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}
```

# Announcing Write the Docs {{ city }} {{year}}

We're excited to announce the dates for our Berlin 2026 conference!

**Write the Docs {{ city }} {{ year }} will be on {{ date.main }}**.

> We'll be back at bUm for another year, full of great talks, networking, and community building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll be back at bUm for another year, with great talks, lots of  networking, and awesome community building.
```
